# Node Express Handlebars

Eat-Da-Burger! is a restaurant app that lets users input the names of burgers they'd like to eat.
Whenever a user submits a burger's name, the app will displays the burger on the left side of the page -- waiting to be devoured.
Each burger in the waiting area also has a `Devour it!` button. When the user clicks it, the burger moves to the right side of the page.
The app stores every burger in a database, whether devoured or not.

## Overview

This app is a burger logger created with MySQL, Node, Express, Handlebars and a homemade ORM (yum!). It follows the MVC design pattern; using Node and MySQL to query and route data in the app, and Handlebars to generate the HTML.

## Languages

MySQL, Node, Express, Handlebars and ORM

## Contribute

The following is a set of guidelines for contributing. These are just guidelines, not rules, so use your best judgement and feel free to propose changes to this document in a pull request.

Issue: Ensure the bug was not already reported by searching on GitHub under issues. If you're unable to find an open issue addressing the bug, open a new issue.
Write detailed information:
For example:

How to reproduce the issue, step-by-step.
The expected behavior (or what is wrong).
Screenshots for GUI issues.
The application version.
The operating system.

Pull Requests: Pull Requests are always welcome.

When you edit the code, please run npm run test to check the formatting of your code before you git commit.
Ensure the PR description clearly describes the problem and solution. It should include:
The operating system on which you tested.
The relevant issue number, if applicable.

## Tests

No test.

<br />
<br />
Find me on GitHub: [aguado-romina](https://github.com/aguado-romina)<br />
<br />
Email me with any questions: aguado.romi@gmail.com<br /><br />
This README was generated by [README-generator](https://https://github.com/aguado-romina/professionalREADMEgenerator)
